How can I teach you?
Don't quarrel with my client.
Do you want to scare them all away?
Ouch.
Mr. Jiang, come to see the house
I said, Sun.
How bad is your security?
Take a look.
Let this mad dog out and bite people everywhere
And this is...
Yo guy
The stench of poverty
What about the security guard, throw this poor force out for me?
Supervisor Sun, this is my friend who came to buy a house.
Hahaha, your friend?
Haha, that's just right.
Pack the three of you up and throw it out
Your house sales are so bad
I kindly teach you how to eat with customers
Drink and then sleep
Isn't that house sold?
But you haven't sold a house yet.
One came back from the United States
What are you pretending to be?
Who said he was selling?
We're going to buy it now
Come on, show us the house
I said this beautiful woman
It's not that I look down on you
Our Lingyun room
This one has to be at least 50 million.
You are not even qualified to watch
Manager Sun
Is that so?
I place an order today.
Immediately buy a big villa for this beautiful woman
Who says I can't afford it?
I'm going to take you now
All existing houses are bought